% vim: keymap=russian-jcukenwin
%%beginhead 
 
%%file 31_12_2014.fb.stoun_oliver.kinorezhisser.usa.1.nightingale_in_ukraine.cmt
%%parent 31_12_2014.fb.stoun_oliver.kinorezhisser.usa.1.nightingale_in_ukraine
 
%%url 
 
%%author_id 
%%date 
 
%%tags 
%%title 
 
%%endhead 
\subsubsection{Коментарі}
%\ii{31_12_2014.fb.stoun_oliver.kinorezhisser.usa.1.nightingale_in_ukraine.cmt.1.passarelli}

\begin{itemize} % {

\iusr{Веретельник Стефанова}

Mr. Stone, in your interview with Mr. Posner you state "when the government of
one's country is breaking the law, it is the right and the duty of the honest
citizen, to protest, and to support the protests of others who go to jail".

That is exactly what happened in Ukraine beginning in December 2013, when
hundreds of thousands, millions of Ukrainians, said "enough is enough" to the
Yanukovych regime, in a remarkably brave show of citizen responsibility. No
external force in the world is capable of motivating that many people to risk
much, including their lives, to go into the streets in protest of a regime that
was not only corrupt, but breaking the laws of Ukraine with criminal abandon.
Would you stand for that in the US? 

Additionally, your last posts, tweets, and interviews touching on Ukraine are
so ridden with irresponsible statements that they cannot even be taken
seriously. In the interview with Mr. Posner you also state that you never
studied history, only finding time to do so later in life.

Please do yourself a favor by continuing with this trend and reading up on East
European history. Good books to start with would be those by your compatriots
Anne Applebaum and Timothy Snyder. And best of all, why don't you visit Ukraine
to gather information, instead of getting all of it second-hand from the
sputtering Russian propaganda machine. Isn't that what every self-respecting
researcher should do?

\begin{itemize} % {
\iusr{Максим Симонов}

A genuine protest ceases to be genuine when it's fueled (and financed) by an
interested third side  @igg{fbicon.wink}  In such a case it simply becomes a coup, a shift of
power from one hands to another (in this case even worse hands). I live in
Kherson, Ukraine. I have never been Yanukovich admirer, changes in the country
really were a necesity, but what happened here was not a revolution, but a
coup. Some people were really led to believe that something's going to better,
some (and a lot of them, actually) were ultra-right imbeciles used as a muscle
force to propel this coup. And all this action was artificially stirred up by
mysterious snipers, trained people, organization, propaganda and financing. All
to serve interests of certain people and certain parties. Oliver Stone asks you
to see the bigger picture, and you clearly don't want to see it. Moreover you
offer to read Applebaum and Snyder, those are purest propaganda, not a history
literature.

\iusr{Aleks Djee}

@Maxim: exactly. The Ukrainians are blind. And those who can see are threatened
and shut up....

\iusr{Eric Kraus}

those heroes then proceded to slaughter those of their countrymen who did not
agree with them. The massacre at Odessa spells the end of a unitary Ukraine.
Had they simply wished to exercise their democratic rights, there were
scheduled elections on the way - they did not need to carry out a coup d'etat.

\iusr{Joanna Prisiajniouk}

Pro Russian brain washed posts! You all forgot about Holodomor! Be careful of what you wish for!!!

\iusr{Andrea Bodrati}

@Eric Kraus sorry to tell you but there were no scheduled elections on the way
(1 year and half is a very long time) and the previous one was just a joke so
no any real chance of a fair one. The early election proposed by Mr. Yanykovich
were followed by the order to disperse the square probably with the intention
of repliacate the Bielorussian experience (this is only an opinion no one can
know what was in his mind). On the contrary current war in Ukraine (I don't
speak about Odessa massacre since it will be only my opinion) has created a
unitary State. It was Mr. Putin hope that Ukraine would fade after the invasion
in Crimea but his plan failed and now Ukrainian are much more unite than before
and than you can think.


\iusr{Demetrius Kolczyński}

Where did you get that "A genuine protest ceases to be genuine when it's fueled
(and financed) by an interested third side"? That's the way things are in
Russia's world of slavery. But Ukraine is a different case. For a long time
now. So better gain some balls to create genuine protest)))

\iusr{Rainer Schulte}

Wars are made for ENERGY DOMINANCE- and Ukraine got in this whirlpool! of
international interests. I am very sad that the Civilians pay for this- loosing
their homes and be killed. There must be a solution- but with a Presindent
saying WE ARE READY FOR WAR is not a help. UKRAINE should be a NEUTRAL COUNTRY-
like Switzerland. But now they lean to the WEST. Remember Germany does not
exist legally- we are still occupied by ALLIED forces and even pay for this
every year! We need PEACE in EUROPE and a powerful economic structure- and this
includes Russia- which has enough internal problems to be resolved, too. But in
any case, Russia is an important trade partner for any country in Europe and
Asia. Make Business- NOT WAR! You have enough resources to be a free and
powerful country- so you all should try to go this way.

\iusr{Cannibal Christoth}
Lol

\iusr{Vadym Ivanynyuk}

Amen! What is in American constitution - can be applied to any country.
Yanukovich did everything possible to call this protest from Ukrainians.

\iusr{Daniel Rajala}

Oliver Stone who is one of greatest filmmakers of our times intends to mire his
hands in the dirt and sleaze of Russian lies against a nation wanting democracy
and human rights against provocateurs, liars, manipulators and thieves of
Russia who want to steer Ukraine into similar system of destruction of freedom
of speech, quash oppositions to ruling regime, and eliminating a chance for
improved human rights against the state system. Don't tar your mighty name with
a massive list of masterpieces with this trite, disgusting shit about CIA
manipulating Ukraine.

It is more than plain and obvious that the people were fed up with their
leaders who failed them - with big help of Russia - yet again. Coup succeeded,
but then started annexations and Russian-style aggression to take regions of an
independent country. The problem with Ukraine turning to west is that without
doing it Russia would weaken and maintain in it poverty and undeveloped for
long time. Corrupt officials, corrupt leaders, corrupt army would linger on,
who doesn't want to change circumstances if you live in a desperate and
hopeless situation without seeing improvement in your horizon... Stone don't
drown in this cesspool of lies and moronic rubbish...

\iusr{Emil Wojtechko}

Oliver Stone seems to be as corrupt as Putin and Yanukovich. Mr. Stone why
don't you visit Ukraine instead of buying the Russian Propaganda? Is it that
Yanukovich and Outin are paying millions to have you spread their propaganda?
What about the a Ukrainian a People? Don't they have a right to their language,
culture and country?


\iusr{Roman Makuch}

How was it a coup? After Yanuconvict left, the elected Parliament followed the
Constitution. That does not make it a coup.

\end{itemize} % }

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Ok, Then why don't you tell us, MR Stone, whose idea it was to create this
movie and who paid for it? I don't think you are doing this from your own
pocket. Also, why are you calling Ukrainians Nazis? are they going to Russia to
kill russians? Has russian person ever been pressurised in Ukraine? you have no
idea what I had to go through just for speaking my own Ukrainian language in my
own country! If you fight with American government then go and live in Cuba or
Africa, or Russia! Could you? Give some land to American native indian
population!

\begin{itemize} % {
\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
oh yeah, from Vankuver you know better...sofa hero

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
I am ukrainian and you are polish immigrant who lives in Vancuver. Go back to Poland and leave USA . you can always move to Russia.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
exactly..appreciate what USA gives you.

\iusr{Vincenzo Lachimera}

You were never persecuted for speaking Ukrainian in Ukraine, that is a lie.
According to google 93\% of Ukrainians choose Russian when given the options at
the ATM cash machine. Putin and Stalin are not standing there with a gun
forcing them. What you are saying is you are from the west of Ukraine, which is
not really traditional Ukraine but Poland and once Lithuania. When this war is
over we will see the borders looking more like they did 100 years ago, and you
can go back to speaking the language of your ancestors, Polish! The Russian
people who have been trapped inside the false Soviet creation that is the
present borders of Ukraine will go back to being within Russian territory just
like Russian republic Crimea. The beautiful Russian culture that is Odessa will
be free of the humourless Ukrainians and murdering Banderovie!

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Another one that knows better from Vancuver. How do you know where exactly Im
coming from and my family? and your knowledge of ukrainian history sucks! and
it's not about ATM cash points' language, it's more about the attitude
everywhere you go (transport, events, radio and television etc). Please, do me
a favour, go back to google and learn more.

\iusr{Nestor Miguel Gorojovsky}

Nobody is calling the Ukrainians Nazis. Stone is calling the Nazis Nazis. There
are Nazis in Ukraine. And they share in the rule of the country with
neoliberals who always are cozy with Nazis. They pretend to be "the
Ukrainians", and they are not. That simple.


\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
a good description of Yanukovich himself and the people around him!

\iusr{Steve Poe}

In the current Ukraine people get assaulted in the street by Ukrainian
Nationalists and told to speak Ukrainian. That is in the city where Russian was
spoken since the city was founded.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Steve, do you live in Ukraine? Only your name itself says you have no idea what
you are talking about! Washington is quite far to understand the situation.
It's like the spanish language speakers (and you have them thousands in US!)
told you to speak spanish and not English. We are called ukrainians, we have
our beautiful language and traditions and russian population don't respect it.
But what can you know living in USA and typing from the sofa in Washington.

\iusr{Martin Schröder}

"Are they going to russia to kill russians".. uh yes. They go to russian parts
of ukraine to kill russians. Instead of letting them be part of Ukraine. These
russians are born in ukraine so it's their home and they don't like being shot
at in their own homeland. Ukraine has some kind of autoimmune disease like a
cancer or something. It is killing off it's own organs. Like a kind of suicide.
Who pushed Ukraine into this downward spiral?

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Oh well... from Sweden you know better, boy. Let me open your eyes abit and
enjoy more your beautiful life in Sweden. Stalin created Holodomor (1932-33)
also known as years of hunger. He killed millions of ukrainians on the borders
with Russia and sent there criminal russians to work on the mines. What
homeland for russians you talk about? They been sent there to destroy my
nation, ukrainian nation.

\iusr{Nikolai Popov}

Martin you are not Ukrainian or Russian , you don't know what are you talking
about... Work , collect pension in your country ... If you support Nazi , then
Nazi chambers is your place , no pension ...lol

\iusr{Nikolai Popov}
Nazis are Nazis, no other name

\iusr{Александр Янчук}
No, Victoria, Kiev sent their troops to kill Ukrainians on the east.. And this is in fact. This is worse than to kill Russians I believe so.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
In that case, Александр янчук, Russia sent their troops to Abhazia, Chechnya, Prednistrovya to kill russians?

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

You are being unreasonable... you cannot understand ukrainian soul for the
reason you're not being one and had never lived in USSR. The torture ukrainian
nation went through being under the reign of Russia till the present day is
tremendous! It is better be under the reign of USA than with russians. You
should of just went to live In Russia and then have a conversatuon with me.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}
Its all provocatiins, Gerard.. provocations only.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Russia wants to take the land of Donbass as its rich and full of mines with
coal. The people in Donbass is nothing for Russia as they didnt even move the
finger to help refugees from there! They are dumping a huge pile of shit on
them! The only thing they care is the land!

\iusr{Soldiers are not heroes, they are tools of war.}

Glad Mr. Stone has the courage that so many in the mainstream lack. Truth
tellers are rarely liked, and I'm glad Oliver Stone is willing to say things
that aren't popular. Unbending beliefs get people killed, whether that's an
unbending belief in a god or a belief in a nation. People are never open to new
information when they hold so strongly to their often misguided beliefs.

\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

Ну Бабенко, так і нема мені про що з тобою кацапкою говорити, яка умнічає на
моєму коменті. І я не сказала що українська мова була заборонена там звідки я
походжу, покажи де я написала що вона заборонена? А бабці твоїй напевно добре
жилося тому і голоду не відчувала, або затролена була. тут така справа що і
брехати не хочеться. То властиве тільки кацапам такій як ти.


\iusr{Viktoria Dmytrivna}

@soldiers are not.... dude, feel sorry for your name! You are not brave enough
to be a soldier. Also, that night in Kiev not soldiers died but plain people
who went out to Maidan square for a walk.

\end{itemize} % }

\iusr{Bartek Widawski}

You are stupid and irresponsible mr. Stone. You are great director, but You
love money too much!

\begin{itemize} % {
\iusr{Tomasz Kiszewski}
Jestes debilem:)

\iusr{Gerry Padilla}

It is not clear how you are making the case that Mr. Stone "loves money too
much." It doesn't even make sense considering that he isn't making money when
writing this.


\iusr{Eugen F. Korzhenevski}
Tak, Bartek!

\iusr{Bartek Widawski}
\textbf{Tomasz Kiszewski} Are You russian spy, or idiot?

\iusr{Olenka Onohda}
\textbf{Bartek}, I agree, just not sure it's all about money. There are idiots who believe in all those communist ideas((((

\iusr{Bartek Widawski}
I think O. Stone need s money like a drunk Gérard Depardieu. This is a chance for him to making films in Russkij Sojuz

\iusr{Sixtus C Onyegbula}
That was so stupid of you Bartek

\iusr{Demetrius Kolczyński}
Scorcese also favored Mafia's money...
\end{itemize} % }

\iusr{Marc Raymond Wilkins}

Mr. Stone, again: Please visit Ukraine. Visit Kiev. Talk to people. Nice that
you talked to Yankovich. Good that you have a critical opinion about the CIA
and the US. But don't forget to listen and look at the people of Ukraine as
well.

\begin{itemize} % {
\iusr{Tatiana Bru}
Yes, and those in the East as well.

\iusr{Andre Maurer}
Or Crimea

\iusr{Стефен Эберт}
I for one have had more than enogugh of hearing from Kiev...that is ALL we hear in the US. It is time to hear the other side.

\iusr{Serocco Bloodedge}
He can't go there right now. Warzone.

\iusr{Dmitri Da}

For God's sake, Marc, when exactly Mr. Stone was concerned with facts? What we
see here is an unavoidable evolution of a crazy lefty conspiracy theorist into
a propaganda tool for murderous fascist regimes all over the world. Rusiian
military are killing people in Ukraine every day. Now their blood is on Mr.
Stone's hands as well. Congratulations, Mr. Stone! You just graduated from
crazy to criminal.

\iusr{Marc Raymond Wilkins}

Dmitri I very much agree with your statement. This is a lesson I learned in
2014: "evolution of a crazy lefty conspiracy theorist into a propaganda tool for
murderous fascist regimes"

\iusr{Mike Ustinov}

Dmitri, come to Donbass and you will see who is killing people. Marc, many
russian and european jourrnalists came to Ukraine to see what happens here, but
WOW those who tells about ukranian soldiers that kills citizens of Donbass, was
send out of a country or arrested by ukranian police or even murdered, can you
tell why?


\iusr{Елена Кайдалова}

I am from the East Ukraine< I am Ethic Rissian. Would You bother even ask whom
I treat as an traitor and the Bioggest Enemy. RUSSIA. USA is far away. Russia
is a traitor< Russia is a killer. So, Don't You dare to say that you even care.
Now I get it. You can not make great movies anymore. So, found the way to make
some PR by acting as Brave guy who fights CIA. You are not brave. You just want
You glory days returned. So guess what. They will not


\iusr{Valentine Azbelle}

Mike Ustinov: Russian "journalists" have no credibility. But do post links to
the European journalists being "send out of a country or arrested by ukranian
police or even murdered".

\iusr{Венцислав Иванов}
Mark..... on the moment propaganda woshing the ukrainian people brains

\iusr{Rene Norton}

Everyone just stop one minute and use your own critical thinking. If it were
really Russian aggression, the bombs would be falling in Kiev, not in Donbass.
Hello!!! Kiev and the western Ukrainians are killing their own people, or
perhaps they discriminate and do not think of Donbass as their own. If that is
the case then they are trying to kill anyone that thinks differently than them.
Surely there is no one in Ukraine that genuinely believes that Poroshenko was
democratically elelcted!!

\iusr{Rene Norton}

Kiev must refuse to send their sons to battle. Do you not realize that the USA
is willing to fight to the last dead Ukrainian!!! All done to bancrupt you and
buy all your naturl assets for pennies on the dollar. Capitalism has gone amuck
and is all about enriching a small number of families. protect your commons!!!
You have more in common with working class Donbass than you have in common with
the west's current direction.

\end{itemize} % }

\iusr{Tobias Bodlund}

Most people will be upset when you inform them that their authorities and
favorite media have been lying to them. It's because it makes them feel unsafe,
insecure and unprotected. There's no getting around it.

All you can do is keep telling the truth and don't apologize.

\iusr{Mike Emge Sr}

Please continue Oliver... you are a "Truth Seeker" and I appreciate your work.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

Everyone with a little brain knows what happened in Ukraine. It was clear from
the start. It was well planned and organised coup d'état against legal
gouvernment, with first goal to replace it with pro-USA puppets and idiots.
Second goal was to use Ukraine situation and with controling of new gouverment
to move them against Russia. And third goal was to move Europe against Russia
by creating crysis and false treat. To destroy all relations between Russia and
Europe, to make economic problems for both of them and in the end to again make
Europe depend from USA. Sad thing is that all of that worked for now.

\begin{itemize} % {
\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

Well Yulia nobody want to depend on anybody. I can agree with that. We all want
to be free, but sad thing is that we dont live in that world. For Ukraine was
maybe the best option to be neutral but as we saw nobody want you let to do
that. But Russia is in border with Ukraine with large population of Russians
who live there and your economy is similar to Russian so you have naterul
conections with them... And Europe, Europe only needs from you cheap labour and
cheap resources. USA dont need even that, they just need some point where
relations between Europe and Russia will broke... and Ukraine is ideal, deep
divided country...

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}
Luc, at least they are much more calmer then USA, as we saw in every contry in which USA come is war and misery...

\iusr{Igor Des}
If it was "clear", the facts certainly don't support it

\iusr{Юрий Сорока}

How can people be so stupid? If Russia is so smart and good, regardless of the
"coup" they should have just obeyed the international laws and agreements and
honored Ukraine's sovereignty. So Ukraine and Russia would've been friends.
Instead, Putin invades Crimea and Donbass, causing immense manslaughter and
humanitarian disaster.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

Problem with that coup was that it wasnt supported by some of half Ukraine
people. Problem was that majority of Crimean population are Russian, that in
Donbass live people who are conected with Russia, which whole economy depend on
Russia. Problem for Ukraine is that man from Lviv and man from Donetsk dont
want and dont think the same. That is a problem for Ukraine and not imaginary
Putin invasion. Sure Russia supported east (guns,ammo, some soldiers), but also
we know who supported coup. So aim of all that was that you and Russia wouldnt
be friends any more (you have good relations with Russia and EU). And well
Crimea they choose their destiny, they decide to go and who can blame them.
That is how it work, it is called democracy arent. That Maidan guys nobody
normal dont want to have around his home. So you are stupid if you dont see
where your country go, that you have deep divided country and that problems are
just started, only good thing in all that is that most people in Ukraine (no
matter on side which they are) are good people and dont want to go to war
against each other.

\iusr{Ed Kromskoy}

Vladan, in every country where russia came is war and misery. Moldova, Georgia,
now Ukraine. Also they have enough internal conflicts. You just prefer to put
blind eye. This is very short history from 1991, before that USSR was
responsible for many wars.

\iusr{Ed Kromskoy}

Vladan, ukraine is more united than ever. stop watching russia today. yep,
perhaps 15\% of populations are not happy with the choice and would prefer to
build back ussr. it is never good for everyone.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

In Moldova there is no war. Georgia, as I remember very well all started when
their idiotic president decide to bomb his own people, kill some Ossetians and
with all that some Russian soldiers. So in the end even Georgians alone decide
to move that idiot, and where he go, in USA offcorse. And Ukraine was good
until you start received USA advices. Russia today, I dont need that to make my
opinion. We live in informatic society where informations are easy to reach.
15\% well we both know that it is not truth, just Russians in Ukraine are 17\%.
And I am sure that except members of communist party most of them dont want to
see USSR back., but they want to stay close to Russia and to not become another
American puppet.


\iusr{Lida Zinko}

I am so tired of hearing that what happened in Ukraine was "a coup" - just
repeating of Russian propaganda. The street protest is the ultimate, hands on
exercise in democracy, This was supported by majority of Ukrainians, a coup is
overthrow by a SMALL FACTION.. Anyway, since the so called 'coup", there was
legitimate elections, so this is moot point already

\iusr{Piotr Chmurnik}

In Moldova (Pridniestrowie) Russian occupation troops are stationed. In Georgia
also has troops occupying (Abkhazia, Ossetia). The Crimea was illegal
referendum. It does not matter from where the majority speaks Russian. The
future of the territory may exclusively authorized to decide the whole nation
of Ukraine. Deciding can not only part of the nation. Neither the Russian army.
I'm sure putler, would not agree to any part of Russia disconnecting after the
referendum.


\iusr{Marijka Stadnyk}

"Modari Console" is now quoting Stalin to give lectures about democracy. Lol.
Is that troll school in St Petersburg running out if material?

\iusr{Andrea Bodrati}

@Chris Mekern : The gold had been stoled with Yanykovich the day that he robbed
the NBU and got with him everything the central bank had in hard currency and
gold. See for yourself in the survelliance camera from his home.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

 @igg{fbicon.smile}  Sure he did Andrea, and how he was able to do that? Do you even what you
need to take ALL hard currency and gold from Central bank? Oh, he probably
transport all that in two bags  @igg{fbicon.smile} 

\iusr{Oksana Mavrodii}
Modari Console I do like your view on voting!! So is that valid for Crimean vote too ?

\iusr{Ramunas Cesonis}
Exactly, Vladan: "everyone with a little brain"  @igg{fbicon.smile} 

\iusr{Юрий Ко}

Vladan, you are 100\% right with your evaluation of situation and it does not
make sense to discuss here anything with Ukrainian people, today they are all
under umbrella of their anti Russian propaganda and will decline all facts
converting them to their internal "true". But sooner or later they will
recognize that Western who was actively pushing them out of Russia and there
they all so willing to live (but in fact will only get some cheap work) is not
going to pay for it, closed all borders for entrance, we already see it now
after one year that Ukraine is close to default and nobody except Russia (still
!!!) want to give them money ... I am sure that smart people (and they
definitely does exist in Ukraine) will soon change their mind who is friend and
who is enemy.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

They just show how easy is to manipulate with people. And they are manipulated
with false hopes and promises. And offcorse that nobody give them money,
because there is no money, at least for Ukraine, they are just too big and too
poor, 44 milion people who can finance that. Europe dont have money for that.
Eu and all that... it is even crazy to think. I understand that is so nice to
live in dreams but it is also very useful to come back to reality and use brain
from time to time.

\iusr{Yuriy Gruzglin}

Vladan, perhaps you should make a trip to Ukraine, go see Kiev, Lviv,
Dnepropetrovsk, travel to Donetsk and Lugansk (it is the city where I was born
and lived for 40 years). Talk to people everywhere you go, listen to what they
say, look around.

You are thinking that in this informative world you know a lot but it is not
necessarily true: if you trust sources that are not impartial so will be your
conclusions. You seem to know all the answers upfront.

And by the way, this may be an unexpected news for you: today Ukraine is more
united than ever in its history.

\iusr{Vladan Vraštanović}

Yuriy, well before all this I planing to visit Ukraine (In fact Lviv and Kiev),
but now, I survived one war and I think that it is enough one per life  @igg{fbicon.smile}  Even
if there is no fighting, atmosphere in society completly change, and that is
just not it anymore. As I was born in country which was destroyed in bloody war
(much bloodier then this what you have) and all this what happen in Ukraine I
allready lived (War,"Better life dream", propaganda, "We are more unite than
ever", "Evil enemy"...and then comes Selling factories, higher prices, more
corruption, loosing independence, unemployment and eternal instability). .
Problem is when you are in situation like Ukraine is that you dont see things
racially. You have worst possibile government now, USA puppets, ideal for
manipulation (Bad past, a lot of things to hide, some of them are openly
nazi-well now they hide it, it is not so european), you think that Yanukovych
was corrupted wait them a little. Probably only normal guy there is Poroshenko.
And as that united thing, well some parts of Ukraine wants to go, that I dont
see as some unity, and incredible only thing which save them in Ukraine is
Russia (because even Russia dont know what to do with them).

\iusr{Юрий Ко}

United Ukraine? First it is not the truth, otherwise who are all these people
in Donetsk and Lugansk, second if you remember, people in Germany were also
quite United during Second World War with small exclusions, but it does not
mean they there on the right side... Propaganda can make incredible influence
on people and this is now happening in Ukraine, people do not understand now
where is the true and what is good and what is bad.

\end{itemize} % }

\iusr{Bob Foss}
Thanks, Oliver, We need someone of your caliber to set the record straight.

\iusr{Keith Cline}

Yea and Russia is a great bastion of human rights. The people on the MH flight
salute you. Annexation of the Crimea a direct violation of the treaty
obligations that had the Ukraine give up their nukes. Your hero Putin and the
Russian people are paying a price for their nationalistic expansion unlike what
happened in Georgia.

\end{itemize} % }
