% vim: keymap=russian-jcukenwin
%%beginhead 
 
%%file 04_03_2022.stz.news.ua.hvylya.1.za_chto_srazhaetsja_ukraina
%%parent 04_03_2022
 
%%url https://hvylya.net/analytics/248328-za-chto-srazhaetsya-ukraina-1
 
%%author_id news.ua.hvylya,romanenko_jurij.kiev
%%date 
 
%%tags 
%%title За что сражается Украина
 
%%endhead 
 
\subsection{За что сражается Украина}
\label{sec:04_03_2022.stz.news.ua.hvylya.1.za_chto_srazhaetsja_ukraina}
 
\Purl{https://hvylya.net/analytics/248328-za-chto-srazhaetsya-ukraina-1}
\ifcmt
 author_begin
   author_id news.ua.hvylya,romanenko_jurij.kiev
 author_end
\fi

\begin{zznagolos}
Стратегически Украина уже выиграла войну. Абсолютное большинство стран мира на
нашей стороне. Наш дух силен, как никогда. Нет больше разделенной нации.
Путинские ракеты и бомбы сделали ее стальной. Монолитной.	
\end{zznagolos}

\ifcmt
  ig https://hvylya.net/crops/c6ba5c/834x0/1/0/2022/02/12/Uchb2pThMHiUbwv4LSGBG973FaWIG5sNkNzFg5gz.jpeg
  @caption Флаг Украины
  @wrap center
  @width 0.8
\fi

Вы должны понимать, что мы сражаемся за цивилизацию. Я не преувеличиваю. Исход
битвы за Украину определит будущее Запада. Проиграв Украину Запад проиграет сам
себя. Отчаянное сражение Украины с Химерой Путина по своему масштабу напоминает
битву при Пуатье, когда христиане остановили продвижение мавров в Европу.
Химера Путина намного опаснее, потому что в отличие от ислама она отрицает
добро. У Путина нет любви, нет правды, нет ценностей. Он в буквальном смысле
превратил Россию в Мордор. Поэтому война между Украиной и Россией - это война
Добра и Зла.

Стратегически Украина уже выиграла войну. Абсолютное большинство стран мира на
нашей стороне. Наш дух силен, как никогда. Нет больше разделенной нации.
Путинские ракеты и бомбы объединили Украину. Сделали ее стальной. Монолитной.
Теперь Украина - это сталь. Мы первое в мире государству по духу. Никто не
посмел бросить вызов Путину. Все боятся ядерной войны. Украина - нет. Зеленский
отказался бежать из Киева под угрозой удара тактическим ядерным оружием. Любой
другой президент или лидер западной державы побежал бы. Но не украинский
президент. В этом величие момента. В этом величие украинской нации. Потому что
все начинается с духа. Все начинается с воли. Украинцы сегодня — это
олицетворение воли и благородства. Мы могли бы обстреливать Белгород и Таганрог
ракетами. Но мы есть Добро. Мы не можем опускаться до уровня Химеры Путина.
Быть как Путин — значит разрушить все то, что создало человечество. Мужики над
блокпостами, в лесах Киевщины и Черниговщины, в степях Николаевщины и
Харьковщины, в Одессе, Киеве и Мариуполе, знайте, вы сегодня вы сражаетесь за
это.

После войны Украина станет раем. Сюда придут сотни миллиардов долларов, как в
Южную Корею в свое время. Передовые компании разместят штаб-квартиры. Мы
построим мощный ВПК, который позволит нашей армии разорвать любого, кто полезет
к нам. Мы будем вести активную внешнюю и внутреннюю политику. Мы создадим свой
Моссад и проведем свой Харьковский Трибунал Нюрнберг 2022. Все, кто обстреливал
украинские города, принимал решения будут наказаны. Возможно, не сразу.
Возможно, через года и десятилетия. Но будут. Это будет государство близкое к
народу. Потому что народ - простые мужчины и женщины сегодня несут на себе все
тяготы войны. В этом адском огне рождается Третья Украинская Республика.

Впереди много лишений. Впереди десятки, а может быть и сотни тысяч жертв. Мы
можем терять еще территории. Можем терять технику. Но главное, чтобы мы не
теряли людей. Для Добра люди имеют значение, а для Зла -нет. Потому мы будем
маневрировать. На войне, кто не маневрирует, тот проигрывает. Поэтому не
стоните, где наша ПВО. Почему потеряли Бердянск или Каховку. Это следствие
нашей расхлябанности за 30 лет. Мы не хотели воспринимать грозные знаки. Мы их
игнорировали. Мы слишком долго игнорировали интеллект, разбрасывались мозгами,
которыми так богата наша прекрасная Украина. Потому мы сегодня платим такую
цену. Мы можем победить врага с огромными ресурсами только мозгами и волей.
Волей десятков миллионов людей для которых Свобода - не пустой звук. Немногие в
мире готовы сражаться за Свободу так отчанно, как мы. И мы первые из них.

Путин убил наше добродушие. Точнее говоря, он вернул нас к нашей природе. Мы
народ воин. Украинцы - стальные челюсти истории. Мы убили не одну империю.
Убьем и эту.

Убьем, чтобы Добро восторжествовало. Чтобы сады цвели. Дети смеялись. Женщины
любили своих мужчин. Мужчины любили женщин. Родители были спокойны за детей. На
улице пахло не горелым человеческим мясом, а цветами, хлебом и любовью.

За это сражается Украина.

\subsubsection{What is Ukraine fighting for?}

Strategically, Ukraine has already won the war. The vast majority of countries
in the world are on our side. Our spirit is stronger than ever. No more divided
nation. Putin's rockets and bombs turned us into steel. Made us monolithic. by
YURI ROMANENKO

You must understand that we are fighting for civilization. I'm not
exaggerating. The outcome of the battle for Ukraine will determine the future
of the West. Having lost Ukraine, the West will lose itself. Ukraine's
desperate battle with Putin's Chimera is similar in scale to the Battle of
Poitiers, when the Christians stopped the advance of the Moors into Europe.
Putin's chimera is much more dangerous because, unlike Islam, it denies
goodness. Putin has no love, no truth, no values. He literally turned Russia
into Mordor. Therefore, the war between Ukraine and Russia is a war of Good and
Evil.

Strategically, Ukraine has already won the war. The vast majority of countries
in the world are on our side. Our spirit is stronger than ever. No more divided
nation. Putin's rockets and bombs have united Ukraine. They turned us into
steel. Made us monolithic. Now Ukraine is steel. We are the number one state in
the world in spirit. No one dared to challenge Putin. Everyone is afraid of
nuclear war. Ukraine is not. Zelensky refused to flee Kyiv under the threat of
a tactical nuclear strike. Any other president or leader of a Western power
would run. But not the Ukrainian president. This is the greatness of the
moment. This is the greatness of the Ukrainian nation. Because everything
starts with the spirit. Everything starts with will. Ukrainians today are the
personification of will and nobility. We could bombard Belgorod and Taganrog
with rockets. But we are Good. We cannot stoop to the level of Putin's Chimera.
To be like Putin means to destroy everything that mankind has created. Guys
over checkpoints, in the forests of Kyiv and Chernihiv regions, in the steppes
of Nikolaev and Kharkiv regions, in Odess, Kyiv and Mariupol, you should know
what you are fighting for today.

After the war, Ukraine will become a paradise. Hundreds of billions of dollars
will come here, as in South Korea in its time. Leading companies will host
headquarters. We will build a powerful military-industrial complex that will
allow our army to tear apart anyone who climbs towards us. We will pursue an
active foreign and domestic policy. We will create our own Mossad and hold our
own Kharkiv Tribunal Nurnberg 2022. Everyone who shelled Ukrainian cities and
made decisions will be punished. Perhaps not immediately. Perhaps in years or
decades. But they will be punished. It will be a state close to the people.
Because the people - simple men and women today bear all the burdens of war. In
this hellish fire, the Third Ukrainian Republic is born.

There are many hardships ahead. Dozens, maybe hundreds of thousands of victims
are ahead. We may lose more territory. We can lose equipment. But the main
thing is that we do not lose people. For Good, people matter, but for Evil,
they don't. Therefore, we will maneuver. In war, who does not maneuver, he
loses. Therefore, do not moan where our air defense is. Why did they lose
Berdyansk or Kakhovka. This is a consequence of our laxity for 30 years. We
didn't want to accept the ominous signs. We ignored them. We have been ignoring
the intellect for too long, throwing away the brains that our beautiful Ukraine
is so rich in. That's why we're paying the price today. We can defeat an enemy
with vast resources only with brains and will. The will of tens of millions of
people for whom Freedom is not an empty phrase. Few in the world are as ready
to fight for Freedom as we are. And we are the first of them.

Putin killed our good nature. More precisely, he brought us back to our nature.
We are a warrior people. Ukrainians are the steel jaws of history. We have
killed more than one empire. Let's kill another one.

Let's kill so that Good will triumph. For gardens to bloom. The children
laughed. Women loved their men. Men loved women. Parents were calm for the
children. The street smelled not of burnt human flesh, but of flowers, bread,
and love.

Ukraine is fighting for this.
