% vim: keymap=russian-jcukenwin
%%beginhead 
 
%%file 09_05_2022.fb.rudyk_daria.kiev.1.vchora_djadju_vbylo.eng
%%parent 09_05_2022.fb.rudyk_daria.kiev.1.vchora_djadju_vbylo
 
%%url 
 
%%author_id 
%%date 
 
%%tags 
%%title 
 
%%endhead 

- baby did you eat ? Anu come on over here! This is where mom Tamara handed
over your dish. My dish was fried barabola with a pickle. In a jar wrapped in a
towel.

And I quickly took off the bronic and naminala until nowhere was called
urgently to drive on the 300th.

He never argued, raised his voice, never complained, never complained, and
genuinely cared about children fighting, which they shouldn't be.

Winter 15th in Starobílsk it was very snowy and cold.

We came there to bath, Tamara's mom. She again roasted potatoes for "Darinka",
made coffee, put candy...

And I was sitting with my wet head in the towel like I was in a chalmi, and she
laughed and asked if I was not cold....

A grub was lit in the house, the uncle sat at the table next to her and they
told their incredible love story.

I was then very impressed by them and wrote her on fb. And backed it up with a
photo....

Later, getting to know almost the whole family and some relatives, I didn't
hesitate to call when needed, came to visit, I was always happy to cross with
them...

Because they are really great people.. Very kind.

They shone such a special light that I couldn't understand how it was possible
to keep so much joy inside having such a difficult life....

Uncle was killed yesterday ...

Tamara's mother, his wife, died about a month ago, leaving Starobílsʹka with
her daughters and grandson. Oncology.

And yesterday Russian pigs killed Uncle... When he helped evacuate the
wounded...

And from yesterday I don't know how to get ready

Because it is impossible.

What kind of reconciliation is this? Which never again? What is the highest
value here?

— human life ? Ukrainians give their own every day for 9 years, because there
is a scum who blackmail the whole world with his gas and nuclear... And it
seems like you can't capture, kill and destroy, but when you have a core, you
can.

I don't know.

Should be a memory of how never forget, never go to concessions with those who
are nice and vile lying to the world, dropping bombs on children's evacuation
buses, maternity homes, destroying architecture monuments, destroying
everything for the sake of sick feeding not their own ambitious complexes. And
be happy that he has, like, has power.

You will all be held accountable.

And yes, in this world there is a revenge that can't be avoided even in a
bunker. And she is the scariest.

Goodbye, Mom Tamara and Uncle....

You're together now... Uncle must have brought you flowers like then... And now
you're kissing....
